1057 task list frontend build the frontend of the score analyzer (#22963)
Yoast/wordpress-seo: packages/dashboard-frontend/stories/task-list/task-modal/documentation.md

The task modal is a component that displays detailed information about a specific task in the task list. It provides users with an overview of the task, its priority, its duration, and a call to action to complete the task.

## Features

- **Task Status**: Visual indicator showing whether a task is completed or in progress
- **Priority & Duration**: Displays task priority level (low/medium/high) and estimated completion time

> - **Task Analysis**: Shows SEO or readability analysis results with scores when available

Reviewer: I'd rather have us phrase this in a bit more generic way, because the analyzer could be about different things, not only about SEO/Readability analysis. Something like:

```suggestion
- **Task Analyzer**: Shows the results of the analysis that detected and created the task issue
```
